how's it going guys and boys and girls
and everybody else welcome back to the
yellow bus guy channel I had requests
for one of the my viewers to check out
the radio and here it is it's a kid wood
and this is a remarkable a little bit of
kit here it identifies the person you're
talking to when they talk to you you get
their bus number when the compound talks
to you you see that tune on this display
here there's a really nice speaker it
has some interesting capabilities um
they can talk to me one-on-one without
anybody hearing and you'll hear this
little boom tone and they'll call you
and you talk back and forth but nobody
else can hear you and see this red
triangle here this is uh I'm going to
call this the Feinstein button because
she expects once she's bands on she gets
rid of all the guns like she wants that
what the citizens wall I'll have to do
is call nine-one-one or the equivalent
it's pushing this triangle and help will
come
but anyway what that does is it sends
out a signal and the compound is
notified and that's our 911 and it sends
out a stone over the whole net that
everybody hears and then you can
communicate with them without even using
the microphone you just speak it's kind
of like that home alert or house alert
thing and old people have come to think
of it and anyway it occasionally gets
used and most of the times somebody you
have to push the button hold it down and
people have managed to do that a few
times and it has been a not an issue so
that's pretty cool and I think it's tied
into the GPS in some way too it
transmits a GPS data back to a
mothership or something like that I'm
not really sure but it's a pretty
trained you know syriza but there's a
number of the bus high kick
oh my godness parsley those words go in
too big of a camera some robbers lost
anyway
I can't catch you guys later yo be safe
and have a great day I'll talk to y'all
later
like subscribe and leave a comment see
you